Ninefold Performan Test App
==============================================

This application has been created to perform like for like (as much as that is possible)
performance comparisons between Ninefold and other PaaS solutions.


Required Environment / Minimum Setup
----------------------------------------------

The app uses Ruby 1.9.3 at this stage.

The app itself is a basic Spree Commerce install and can be up and running locally with the
following commands after a git clone:

    bundle install
    rake db:setup
    rake spree_sample:load


Performance Summary
----------------------------------------------

You can find the performance summary in doc/PerformanceReview.md.

This PerformanceReview markdown can be converted to a nice HTML style by running:

    cd doc
    ruby convert_to_html.rb

Which will produce PerformanceReview.html.


Running the Tests
----------------------------------------------

1) First get your app of choice running on your provider of choice and make sure
it is accessible in your web browser.

2) Then signup for an account on [Flood.IO](https://flood.io/) and boot up a
Flood Node in a region that is close to your launched application.

3) In the settings menu in Flood.IO, go to API Key and take note of your API key.

4) Once done, copy one of the test scripts in `doc/test_scripts` to change the
URL to be the URL you want to Flood.  Also set the region on the last line to
the region of the Flood Node you just launched in step 2.  You can also adjust
the name or anything else you want to do here.

5) Install the gems you need to run the test, right now it is:

    $ gem install gridinit-jmeter --pre

6) Run the test with the following:

    $ export FLOOD_IO_KEY=< your api key >
    $ ruby flood-iolarge-ninefold-response.rb

If all goes well you will receive a URL with the test running.  If you get a 422
error it most likely means you don't have a flood node launched in the zone you are
trying to test in.
